Document Electric Machines (#3995)
GregTechCEu/GregTechCEu-1.19: docs/content/Gameplay/Electricity/Generators.md

    * The total EU produced by one cycle. This is equal to the burn time x the generation rate.
* Produce EU every tick. All singleblock generators produce and output EU equal to 1A @ their tier voltage.
* Output EU every tick. All generators have one output side, marked with a colored dot, which provides 1A @ tier voltage
to either a Cable or an adjacent Machine.
    * Generators do not output "partial" amps or partial voltage. Generators will always output power in exact packets
    of 1A @ tier voltage.
* Cannot be placed inside **Cleanrooms**. Placing a Generator inside a Cleanroom will block the Cleanroom controller from
activating.
    * To transfer power into a Cleanroom, use a [Diode](./Cables-and-Transformers.md#diodes).

Singleblock generators come in several variants, each accepting different fuels.

* Steam Turbines produce EU from large volumes of Steam. The EMI display for Steam Turbines shows that they also
output Distilled Water; this is a feature of the multiblock Large Steam Turbine (discussed below) but not the basic
singleblock turbines
* Gas Turbines produce EU from combustible gasses such as Methane and Benzene.

> * Combustion Engines produce EU from liquid oils and biodiesels. Combustion Engines benefit very heavily from refining 
> fuel before burning it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Combustion Engines produce EU from Petrochemicals and Biofuels. Combustion Engines benefit very heavily from refining 
fuel before burning it.
```

Not sure, check discord for discussion on better terms

multiple Amps of power at their voltage. This helps compensate for their large size.
    * A Dynamo Hatch determines the Voltage and the Maximum Amperage output by the generator. This is **not** the same as
  the amount of EU the generator produces per tick. While using an undersized Dynamo Hatch will limit the maximum
  output of the generator, using an oversized Dynamo Hatch will result in a generator which awakens from idle and 
  emits a much higher amperage than its on-paper sustained power generation for a few seconds, until the Dynamo's internal
  energy buffer drains.
* Have efficiency boosts. Depending on their configuration, multiblock generators can produce significantly more EU per 
mB of fuel than singleblock generators. This further compensates for their size, allowing larger and more powerful 
machinery to be operated using a smaller fuel source.
* Require open air in front of them (either in front of their Air Intakes or their Rotor Holder)
* Allow Wallsharing to save on casings between multiple turbines.

There are two primary types of Multiblock Generators: the Large Combustion Engine, and Large Turbines.

### Large Combustion Engines

> The Large Combustion Engine and Extreme Combustion Engine are the simpler of the large generator types. They consume 
> Combustion Engine fuels to produce EU. They also passively consume Lubricant to operate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Large Combustion Engine (EV) and Extreme Combustion Engine (IV) are the simpler of the large generator types. They consume 
Combustion Engine fuels to produce EU. They also passively consume Lubricant to operate.
```
